The friend keyword grants access to the private members of a class.
So in this class heart,
if we want heart to make
its private members accessible to the class human within the class heart,
we'll say that class human is a friend of class heart.
That way, class human can access private members of class heart.
So imagine we have a heart,
and the only thing heart has is a private member rate which is initialized to 80.
This is a human heart so,
80 beats per minute is its resting rate.
There's no way to directly change the rate of a heart.
That's something that changes in response to things humans do,
but you can't just think your way
to a better heart rate or command your heart rate to change.
So how can your heart rate change?
Well, if the human exercises,
then the heart rate may go up to 150 beats per minute.
So if we exercise, we want to be able to set the rate.
But because rate is a private member of heart,
the human class has to be a friend of class heart in order to be able to set that rate.
The same if we want to return what the heart rate is
through say an accessor function like heart rate,
then we need to be friends with
the heart class in order to return that private member heart rate.
Because human is a friend of class heart or heart declares class human to be its friend,
class human is able to access the rate member variable and
any other private member data or functions that might be present in heart.
So if we compile this and run it,
we see that it works